Add note about databricks instance types  and warmup time (#6287)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/data_and_analytics/cloud_ingestion/integrations.md

1. Create a service account and allow access to the Databricks project(s) and dataset(s) that contain the data you want to sync.  
2. In your Databricks account, set up the table(s) or view(s) you want to sync to Braze.   
3. Create a new integration in the Braze dashboard.  

> 4. Test the integration and start the sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Test the integration and start the sync.

```

1. Create a service account and allow access to the Databricks project(s) and dataset(s) that contain the data you want to sync.  
2. In your Databricks account, set up the table(s) or view(s) you want to sync to Braze.   
3. Create a new integration in the Braze dashboard.  
4. Test the integration and start the sync.

{% alert important %}

> There may be 2-5 minutes of warm up time when Braze connects to Classic and Pro SQL instances, which will lead to delays duing connection set up and testing, as well as at the beginning of scheduled syncs. Using a Serverless SQL instances will minimize warmup time and improve query throughput, but may result in slightly higher integration costs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There may be two to five minutes of warm-up time when Braze connects to Classic and Pro SQL instances, which will lead to delays during connection setup and testing, as well as at the beginning of scheduled syncs. Using a serverless SQL instance will minimize warmup time and improve query throughput, but may result in slightly higher integration costs.
```
